# Front-End File Descriptions
This repository contains the front-end code for the prototype version of Grove. 

**Note:** Because we're using Flutter, the web and mobile versions share this same codebase. Right now, we're only working on the web version. When it's time to build the mobile version, we will either 1) copy the code into another repo and modify it for the smaller screen size, or 2) we will build it in this same repo, with a tool that detects the screensize to judge whether to use a web or mobile layout (which will likely share the same components).

Here's a description of the relevant files and folders. The rest is boilerplate generated by Flutter.

## pubspec.yaml

This file contains this project's dependencies. To use a public package (like those available on [pub.dev](https://pub.dev)), add "package_name: ^(version number)" under "dependencies," then run flutter pub get (or just Ctrl+S in Visual Studio).

## /assets

This folder contains all globally-relevant images or videos, like logos and loader images. 

## /lib

This is where all the code to manipulate is. 

### /async

Home to a file that handles all asynchronous requests for server data. When the presentation layer kicks off a process that needs some data from the server, it's routed through this file, which supplies some pre-set "loader" data in the meantime, and returns the server data to the presentation layer when it comes back.

### /logic

This folder is supposed to handle glitches and specify the internal and external classes that the rest of the code utilizes. It doesn't do too much at the moment.

### /ui

Most of the ui widgets are found here. 

#### /components

Holds reusable components, like summary cards, full cards, buttons, dialogs, and screen parts.

A new Flutter project.

- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
